Update Customer-Lockbox-Requests.md (#5386)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-lockbox-requests.md

2. Choose **Settings > Org Settings**.

> 3. Select **Security & Privacy** then click on **Customer Lockbox** in the left column and check the checkbox besides text "Require approval for all data access request" and save changes to turn the feature on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Security & Privacy**, then select **Customer Lockbox** in the left column. Check the **Require approval for all data access requests** checkbox and save the changes to turn on the feature.
```
